[core-http] add deprecation note to README. (#31750)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-http/README.md

> **NOTE** This package has been deprecated and replaced by more modern and efficient Azure.Core v2 packages. Please see https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/490ce4dfc5b98ba290dee3b33a6d0876c5f138e2/sdk/core/README.md for more information.
> 
> # Azure Core HTTP client library for JavaScript

Reviewer: nitpick: minor rewrite and following a template I got from Arun:

```suggestion
# Deprecated. Azure Core HTTP client library for JavaScript

**NOTE** This package has been deprecated and replaced by a newer set of core libraries. Refer to [README.md of the Azure SDK core libraries](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/490ce4dfc5b98ba290dee3b33a6d0876c5f138e2/sdk/core/README.md) for more information on the change.
```
